docs: revise CONTRIBUTING (#414)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: .github/pull_request_template.md

Before submitting this PR, please make sure:

> - [ ] You have read the CONTRIBUTING guide in its entirety.
> - [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.
>       (This only applies to external contributors.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For external contributors:
- [ ] You have read the CONTRIBUTING guide in its entirety.
- [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.
```
this way we can just skip over these items instead of needing to click them

Reviewer 2: I would link to the contributing guide directly.

Before submitting this PR, please make sure:

> For external contributors:
> - [ ] You have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide in its entirety.
> - [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.
> For all contributors:

Reviewer: nit: markdown spacing. These should render equivalently in HTML
```suggestion
For external contributors:

- [ ] You have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide in its entirety.
- [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.

For all contributors:

```

Before submitting this PR, please make sure:

> For external contributors:
> - [ ] You have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide in its entirety.
> - [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.
> For all contributors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For external contributors:

- [ ] You have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide in its entirety.
- [ ] You have not used AI on any parts of this pull request.

For all contributors:

```
